In this section we will learn about the basics of CSX.
First we will learn what CSSA is and how we can create a CSSA style sheet.
We will look at how to use the HDMI link tag to link an external CSSA style sheet to an HMO web page.
Next we will compare and contrast when we should use an external CSSA style sheet versus when we should
embed the CSSA style code directly into the HVM l code using the style tag we will learn about the three
ways that we can style elements inline internal and external and the ideal use case for each.
After that we will take a closer look at CSSA syntax.
We will learn what terms like selector declaration property and value mean and the role that they play
in defining CSSA styles.
We will also look at the syntax of comments in CSSA then we will learn about cascading order which is
the order of precedence for CSSA styles cascading.
Order is an important topic as it defines what happens when inline internal or external styles conflict
with one another.
After that we will learn about the CSSA box model.
The box model is a conceptual way to understand the structure of HVM elements and how CSSA styles that
affect margin's borders and padding affect the display of the content of these elements.
Finally we will look at padding and margins and CSSA applying the concepts we learned in the box model
lecture hands on to gain a better understanding of these properties.
By the end of this section you will have an understanding of the fundamentals of C Ss.
You will be able to create external style sheets and link them to HVM files.
Additionally you will have a strong understanding of how HTL content can be modified using padding and
margins in the next lecture.
We will learn how to create a CSSA style sheet.